Lift
Version 1.0.0
March 2014

%!target: man
%!encoding: utf-8

= NAME =

lift - Run a Lift test suite

= SYNOPSIS =
lift [//OPTION//]... [//TEST//]...

= DESCRIPTION =
The lift command runs all or parts of a Lift test suite.
By default, with no option, //lift// run all test it discovers in the current
directory and in sub-directories.

Lift stands for Lift Integration-Functional Testing.

= OPTIONS =

: **-h**, **--help**
show an help message and exit

: **-V**, **--version**
show the lift version

: **-v**, **--verbose**
Also print the stdout and stderr of successful tests.
By default, only failed tests are displayed.

: **-n**, **--no-color**
Disable colored output.
Maybe useful, for example if colors interfere with your term.

: **-r**, **--regex**
Process //TEST// strings as standard Python regex.
See below for more information.

: **--no-upper-inheritance**
Do not load remotes/environment from upper level //lift.yaml// files.
By default, lift will look for //lift.yaml// files in upper level folders in
order to find settings to inherit for the current test file.
This option disable this behaviour and consider the current test directory
as a top level one.

: **-f** //FOLDER//, **--folder** //FOLDER//
Specify the root folder in which tests will be looked for.
By default, use the current working directory.


= RUN SPECIFIC TESTS =

You can specify specific tests to run directly on the command line.
You can use the test string format as one found in the lift output,
ie. "FOLDER/TEST_NAME".

If you set the "--regex" option, expressions will be matched as standard
Python regex. For example, ".*foo" will match all tests containing the
word "foo".

See http://docs.python.org/library/re.html for more information on the Python
regex syntax.


= AUTHORS =

Written an maintained by Nicolas Delvaux <nicolas.delvaux@arkena.com>.

